The calculation shop is a lie
How could this be?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Let me see your wife
I'm not useless. Call my wife
Wouldn't he be in danger?
Uh uh
The owner misunderstood the owner of Wu Store
The owner misunderstood.
No misunderstanding.
Sun Ying, I see how long you can stay on the road
Guardian Liu
Take good care of my wife, he's just out of danger
If there is any problem, I will ask you yes.
Liu Wei, what should we do next?
Observe for a while first, and then say that the Earth Zun Hall will not
It can't really kill people, can it be easier for a housekeeper Chen?
I am afraid that Mrs. Chen will be in danger
No, Mrs. Chen, if something happens
Then you are afraid that you will not be able to explain it.
I'm afraid there will be a new trend in Nancheng
Chen family
Hurry up and inform Zhao Tiegang that the guard is
OK